doc: add label join documentation (#945)
airbnb/chronon: docs/source/authoring_features/LabelJoin.md

v2 = Join(
   left=test_sources.event_source,
   output_namespace="sample_namespace",
   right_parts=[
       JoinPart(
           group_by=event_sample_group_by.v1,
           key_mapping={'subject': 'group_by_subject'},
       ),
       JoinPart(
           group_by=group_by_with_kwargs.v1,
           key_mapping={'subject': 'group_by_subject'},
       ),
   ],
   label_part=LabelPart([
           JoinPart(
               group_by=label_part_group_by
           ),
       ],
       left_start_offset=30,
       left_end_offset=10,
       label_offline_schedule="@weekly"
   )
)
```

### Label Join with Aggregations

Label GroupBy with aggregation is similar to without-aggregation case, except that an additional GroupBy aggregation is applied first to the raw sources, before joining to the (feature) rows. The aggregation semantics fully reuse what GroupBy supports for feature aggregation.

Breakdown of the parameters
- `label_part_group_by` defines a label aggregation that is a 7-window SUM over the source table
- `left_start_offset` and `left_end_offset` is both set to 7. This means that for each label value on ds_label, it will be joined **back** to left rows on **ds_label - 7**.

> Essentially, this achieves a "7-day" label landing scheme, where for each inference event, labels landed in the next 7 day is being aggregated and attributed back to the inference event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Essentially, this achieves a "7-day" label landing scheme, where for each inference event, labels landed in the next 7 days are being aggregated and attributed back to the inference event.
```
